Don't try too hard, but don't try to *not* try too hard. Have fun with it!
A person who does not read good books has no advantage over a person who cannot read them.
Never underestimate how much you can learn from others.
Probability dictates that you should quit while you are ahead.
Pursuits are like friends. The more you have, the less time you can devote to each.
Paying attention to the small details pays off eventually.
There is no point in worrying about losing time on thngs you enjoy. That time will pass regardless.
Every great person in history started off no different than you.
Life is often inconvient. If it is not currently, that is lucky!
Be yourself, whoever that may be. If you don't know who that is, fake it 'till you make it!
Sometimes it is better to be the driver; at other times, the passenger. In either case, enjoy the ride and don't try to do both at once.
If more of us valued food and cheer above hoarded gold, it would be a merrier world
New experiences are the spices of life. They may not *all* be to your taste, but are often worth trying.
Open your mind to new possibilities - the view you have of things is formed of habit, not universal truth.
It is best to avoid owing a substantial debt to anyone.
Luck favors those who prepare for it.
A life well lived is the best revenge on your enemies.
True superiority is being better than who you were yesterday.
Anticipate problems - there will always be a few.
No one speaks the gospel truth - take every statement with a grain of salt.
The loudest voices do not always hold truth.
Be sure to put your feet in the right place, then stand firm.
Avoid ignorance, and avoid arrogance; but especially avoid the potent combination of the two.
Eating breakfast is highly reccomended.
Those who matter don't mind, and those who mind don't matter.
If you feel awkward, just rock it!
Others can only give you crap as long as you are willing to take it.
Sometimes, you don't have to say anything at all.
In the end, tyrants tend to bring about their own downfall.
You can't take life *too* seriously. You'll never make it out alive.
If you see a bandwagon, you have already missed it.
Good friends are hard to come by. Keep them as best you can.
Believe in yourself, and dream *big*.
Always look for a win-win situation.
It does not do to leave a live dragon out of your calculations, if you live near him.
Remember to think before asking, and RTFM if there is one on hand.
You don't need to save the world by yourself - just help wherever you can.
Forgive; not because *they* deserve forgiveness, but rather because *you* deserve peace.
The sooner you get up, the sooner you can get off.
Learn how to deal with assholes; they are everywhere.
When life gets tough, remember that you will one day die.
Oftentimes, the most reluctant leaders prove to be the most effective.
A difficult task takes a long time; an impossible one just takes a bit longer.
A stranger might just be a friendly conversation away from a new friend.
A non-reader lives but one life; a reader lives a thousand. But only the writer gets to be God.
Greatness shines in any sort of light, and even in the dead of night.
Brilliance is simply the right combination of pateince and hard work.
Try to please everyone, and you'll end up pleasing no one. Do you instead!
If you're going through hell - keep going. This too shall pass.
Never let the truth get in the way of a good story!
You can dig your own holes, or build your own castles - your choice.
Celebrate your successes - you've earned it!
Life is like a ride on the subway. You keep moving, people come and go, getting on and off at each stop on their own journeys.
Never attribute to malice, that which is adequately explained by stupidity.
If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough.
Be quick, but don't hurry.
Be cautious, but not afriad.
Trust goes both ways, but it starts with you.
Adults are merely kids who have learned to play pretend.
Do you want to be right, or do you want to solve the problem?
It doesn't matter how far back from the starting line you begin: running the race is what you're here for.
Seek truth, not validation
Don't let anyone stop you from pursuing what you want, including yourself.
Good is an action, not a state of being.
We are what we pretend to be, so we must be careful about what we pretend to be.
We are all basic bitches, in our own way.
Imagination is a strange and wonderful thing.
Follow your morals, and shit tends to just work out!
You can't keep someone else warm by lighting yourself on fire.
Cultivate joy - you'd be surprised what grows from the soil you plant it in.